April 30, 2024 release notes (#7273)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_help/release_notes.md

> <br>
> For more information on any of the updates listed in this section, reach out to your account manager or [open a support ticket]({{site.baseurl}}/help/support/). You can also check out [our SDK Changelogs]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/sdk_changelogs/) to see more information on our monthly SDK releases, updates, and improvements.

## April 30, 2024 release

### Permissions to create or update promotion code lists

> As of April 2024, users will need the “Access Campaigns, Canvases, Cards, Segments, Media Library” permission to create or update promotion code lists. 

Reviewer: Is there a doc update or link that users can be directed to?

### Robust channels

#### Automatic link shortening for SMS messaging

{% multi_lang_include release_type.md release="General availability" %}

Use [automatic link shortening]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms/keywords/keyword_handling/?tab=manage%20responses#managing-keywords-and-auto-responses) to automatically shorten static URLs in your response. This can help shape your response as the character counter will update to show the expected length of the shortened URL.

### New Braze partnerships

#### Friendbuy - Loyalty

Leverage the integration between Braze and [Friendbuy]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/loyalty/friendbuy/) to expand your email and SMS capabilities while effortlessly automating your referral and loyalty program communications. Braze will generate customer profiles for all the opted-in phone numbers collected via Friendbuy.

### NiftyImages - Dynamic Content

> The Braze and [NiftyImages](https://niftyimages.com) partnership allows you to create dynamic and personalized images for your email campaigns by mapping your existing Braze personalization tags to your NiftyImages URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Braze and [NiftyImages]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/message_personalization/dynamic_content/niftyimages/) partnership allows you to create dynamic and personalized images for your email campaigns by mapping your existing Braze personalization tags to your NiftyImages URLs.
```

Reviewer: Linking to the article in release notes, and linking to the external partner site in the article.

Author: Oops - thanks for catching this! Thought I updated it 😵‍💫
